in this video we will introduce you to the fact that
Behind the scenes the whole process
create 3d animation based on
cartoon serial larry
the idea begins everyone sat under which
script is written and storyboard is drawn
concept is the design direction and
image style whose purpose is
creating new visualizations for
incarnation in the project the artist creates
external image and headings that will
presented to viewers
storyboard storyboard or storyboard
This is a very long and complicated process.
she creates a preliminary visualization
frame picture sequence
aids in
making cartoon movies promotional
rollers modeling most
models
even the most difficult begin with simple
of objects
for example scuba which is under the action
various tools and fantasies
creators turn into different
Heroes in addition to the cube that belong to
polygonal modeling exist
and other techniques with which you
can create a realistic environment for
cartoon texturing
material assignment implies
assigning the object visible when
rendering the color of the relief transparency
mirror ruble and other
surface characteristics of rige ng
so our hero is created how to make
his move for this is created
the character's skeleton and is added
controllers allowing you to control the hero
as in a puppet theater
animation with ready-made characters from the price
you can already start working on the script
in 3d editors, animation is done
on cadre asking certain
space on kei frame using
controllers we force characters
act according to
storyline rendering process rendering
image building is called
rendering is done by
rendering pipeline will remind the conveyor
multi-step process
compositing
The final version of the cartoon depends on
which includes processing
total frames add effects
color correction and and we apply when
replace any color do
the image is cold or warm
discolored or do the opposite
expressive and rich
rubbed